Overall doc review (#366)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/new_ping.md

### STMO / BigQuery

In the `Telemetry (BigQuery)` data source, several new tables will be created for your data.

The first table is the `live` table found under
`moz-fx-data-shared-prod.<namespace>_live.<doctype>_v<docversion>`. This table is updated on a 5
minute interval, partitioned on `submission_timestamp`, and may contain partial days of data.

```sql
SELECT
    count(*) AS n_rows
FROM
  `moz-fx-data-shared-prod.telemetry_live.main_v4`
WHERE
  submission_timestamp > TIMESTAMP_SUB(current_timestamp, INTERVAL 30 minute)
```

The second table that is created is the `stable` clustered table (and corresponding view) under

> `moz-fx-data-shared-prod.<namespace>.<doctype>_v<docversion>`. This view will only contain complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`moz-fx-data-shared-prod.<namespace>.<doctype>`. This view will only contain complete
```

> days of submissions. The data is clustered by `submission_timestamp` and `sample_id` to improve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
days of submissions. The data is clustered by `normalized_channel` and `sample_id` to improve the
```
